the Joe Rogan Experience.
>> There's no way I can look at Chuck
Schumer and think he's a good guy.
>> He looks like a great guy.
>> Yeah, [laughter]
if you asked a baby who had been here
one day, who's a bad Pick a bad guy out
of this,
>> bro. Did you ever see the video when um
>> It's [__] dark out there, man. That's
why we just got to love each other and
do the best we can. Have a nice creme
brulee, hug a buddy, tickle your friend
or whatever, tell him he's gay or
something.
>> That's a good move.
>> You know,
>> I just opened up my Instagram and he
popped up and you're lying. I No, I'm
not lying.
>> You were lying. What's he trying to sell
you? Some [__]
>> It's something important. He
accidentally said the quiet part out
loud about the Epstein files.
>> They all are doing that, dude.
>> All right, let's see what he said here.
I'll send it to you, Jamie. [laughter]
>> They got me, these mothers. [gasps]
>> They got me.
>> How much longer does Israel let us stay
alive, do you think? That's a big
question.
>> Why were they
>> What did you say? Is that AI?
>> What are you saying?
>> That's Sora. The
>> [__] are you saying?
>> I didn't say anything.
>> What are you saying?
>> Huh? about Israel out of
>> Oh, well, he loves you. Don't worry
about it.
>> Good call. [snorts]
>> [__] are you saying, son?
>> Um
>> Um what did he say? What did he say
about the Epstein Fox?
>> What did he say?
>> Let's hear what he said.
>> He looks great.
>> Yeah, he's been drinking somebody's
blood.
>> It's the last four years when President
Biden was in office.
>> Well, that's the question every American
is asking. Not every American, but so
many Americans are asking. What the hell
is he hiding? Why would
>> um why were they That was a useless
clip.
>> This whole thing's all [__] now.
It's all BS.
>> Well, it's it's fun.
>> Do you think he's alive? You think
Epstein's alive?
>> I do not think so. You don't? No. No. I
think they killed him if I had to guess.
There's too much circumstantial evidence
that leads me to believe that it was an
assassination. You know, I know a lot of
people think that he committed suicide.
A lot of very smart people that I know
think he committed suicide. I'm like,
there's too many convenient things. The
cut wires, the security cameras rather,
not working. They weren't cut right.
They just stopped. They didn't function.
Security cameras didn't function. Um the
fact that he had shared a cell with this
giant [__] former uh cop who was a a
murderer who had killed multiple people.
Just giant roided up cop. This is a
cellmate. Like if you wanted to get
somebody, look, bro, extra Twinkies,
take this guy out. Like it wouldn't be
hard. He's already killed a bunch of
people. He was a drug dealer. Do you
ever see the guy? Do you ever see the
guy who was his his cellmate?
>> No, but it's like
>> it's kind of hilarious.
>> It's like when you're a freshman in
college and they just put you with
somebody, you know,
>> bro, if you wanted to get you wanted to
get someone killed, you have a you have
a high-profile witness. Okay.
high-profile witness in the craziest sex
trafficking conspiracy of all time.
Yeah. Where a guy who may or may not
have been an intelligence asset or an
intelligence agent or whatever the [__]
he was for whatever country. This guy
>> is he's arrested for sex trafficking to
elites and then you put him in jail.
>> Oh my god.
>> With that guy.
>> I thought that was a guy that fought
Mike Tyson. Remember that dude that read
that poem?
>> Bro, you put him in jail with that guy.
All you have to do is get that guy
cigarettes and steroids. You tell him,
"I got you Marboro Reds and and Tren. I
got you testosterone replacement for
life. Even though you're going to still
be in jail,
>> I got you some more bro [__] 200,
>> dude. He was found guilty of killing
four men." And they put him in a cell
with Epstein. Look at the size of that
[__] savage.
>> Giant [__] muscle bound steroided up
dude. And they put him in a cell with
Epstein. And Epstein got strangled.
Well, well,
uh,
>> might have been not Sherlock Holmes,
[laughter] but I think there might be a
connection there.
>> Epste was probably trying to slurp him.
I bet that dude was a such a pervert,
dude.
>> Well, if he didn't kill him, then
somebody [clears throat]
killed him.
>> I bet he was such a I think somebody
killed him. Retired Westchester cop
charged with killing four in cocaine
deal after bodies dug up on his
property. Bro, he buried them in his
backyard.
>> Yeah,
>> that's a crazy [__]
>> Oh, that's a good gardener, dude. That
guy's [__] composting. What are you
even talking about?
>> It's true. It's a better way to deal
with They're already dead. What are you
going to do? Let them go to waste or
bring them back to Mother Earth.
>> Those are leftovers. That guy's Italian,
dude. They love leftovers.
>> How deep you think he dug it? I bet he
was pretty lazy.
>> That guy's pretty jacked. I don't know.
>> I bet he got tired, though. They don't
have good cardio.
>> You're right.
>> It's a lot of cardio involved in digging
two feet.
>> How many bodies? Four bodies, bro. Four
bodies is four six foot graves. He do
you think he did a mass grave all on top
of each other or do you think it was
respectful and made four individual
holes?
>> I bet it was more like um you know when
you open up a box of chocolates like
that kind of I don't think it was like a
deep or whatever [laughter]
>> like you know what I'm saying? It was
like a
>> Yeah.
>> or a fourpack of canoli or whatever
>> right there.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Take the lid off. You see feet.
>> Just a dusting of confectionous sugar on
them. Not
>> cocaine deal went bad.
>> [__] it up cop. And but imagine
>> that's horrible. But imagine you are the
most high-profile
person being charged.
>> They put him in there on purpose with
that guy.
>> 100.
How could they not?
>> They did.
>> What would How would you not like what
if you worried about the guy dying?
>> Yeah.
>> Why would you put him in the room and
lock him in a bedroom, a tiny little
bedroom with a roided up murderer?
>> Yeah.
>> Just stop and think about that. You're
in a room smaller than this [__]
studio that you and I are in right now
with a roided up murderer. You're
sleeping with that guy.
>> And you wind up getting strangled. Oh,
you hung yourself. Yeah.
>> How would you sleep? Say you're in a Say
you have to go to jail, right?
>> I wouldn't sleep.
>> I know, but I'm just saying, Joe, if you
had to go to jail, right? You're in jail
for something that you've done or didn't
do. Doesn't matter,
>> right?
>> How do you sleep at night and there's a
big dude in there?
>> You sleep with your mouth open so he
doesn't have to force it open.
[laughter]
>> Sleep like that. Oh, no. No, bro.
>> That's crazy. But do you sleep with your
butt against the wall or away from the
wall?
>> That's a good question.
>> You sleep on your back or your
>> depends on what kind of pervert this
dude is. He might be one of them dick
sucker guys who just wants to suck your
dick while he jacks off.
>> You know, then you'd want to sleep with
your ass to him. Like, turn over so I
can suck your dick. Like, no, I'm trying
to sleep. [laughter]
>> Hey, I TOLD YOU I'M TRYING TO [laughter]
SLEEP,
>> BRO. It's all It's crazy. And then you
find out that priv prisons are private
too. What?